inspector: add initial support for network inspection (#53593)
nodejs/node: doc/api/inspector.md

The inspector console does not have API parity with Node.js
console.

> ### `inspector.emitProtocolEvent(eventName[, params])`

Reviewer: I'm a bit of wary of this interface as it looks like an escaping API to emit arbitrary inspector events.

Author: Yes, it's specifically for integrating network inspection with the `NodeNetwork` domain, and there are no plans to support other domains so far.

Author: Might be clearer to specify that it’s only for network inspection?

Author: That makes sense. PTAL https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53593/commits/6a80de660290aeb703eca2398d7f7a4bd3ed1cff

An exception will be thrown if there is no active inspector.

> ## Node.js-specific Protocol Events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Node.js-specific protocol events
```

Author: Addressed https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53593/commits/47f3ae93457bf4fb2776137c8d353d9d57a1e542

> Node.js has dedicated DevTools protocols for debugging. The following methods emits a protocol

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Node.js has dedicated DevTools protocols for debugging. The following methods emit a protocol
```

> Node.js has dedicated DevTools protocols for debugging. The following methods emit a protocol
> event with optional `params`. These methods allow you to send custom events that conform to the
> DevTools protocol, facilitating integration with debugging and inspection tools. The emitted
> events can be captured by connected DevTools Frontend instances, such as Chrome DevTools.

Reviewer 3: Some suggestions:

1. We generally avoid using `you` in the docs
2. Either we document that emitting `NodeNetwork` events also leads to `Network` events being emitted, and that's how Chrome DevTools picks it up, or we should keep it generic for now, because whether Chrome DevTools would pick up NodeNetwork alone directly is unknown.
3. We need to mention that it broadcast the event to all connected frontends.

Giving it try...

```suggestion
Node.js extends the Chrome DevTools protocol with Node.js-specific protocol events. DevTools
frontends connected to a running Node.js instance can capture these events and display them
accordingly to facilitate debugging. 

The following methods broadcast a Node.js-specific protocol event to all connected frontends.
The `params` passed to the methods can be optional, depending on the protocol.
```

Author: Thank you!

```js

> // `NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent` event will be fired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// The `NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent` event will be fired.
```

inspector.NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent({
  requestId: 'request-id-1',
  timestamp: Date.now() / 1000,
  wallTime: Date.now(),
  request: {
    url: 'https://nodejs.org/en',
    method: 'GET',
  }
});
```

### `inspector.NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent([params])`

<!-- YAML
added:
 - REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `params` {Object}

This feature is only available with the `--experimental-network-inspection` flag enabled.

> Emits the `NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent` event. This event indicates that the application is
> about to send an HTTP request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Broadcast the `NodeNetwork.requestWillBeSent` event to the connected frontends.
This event indicates that the application is about to send an HTTP request.
```

### `inspector.NodeNetwork.responseReceived([params])`

<!-- YAML
added:
 - REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `params` {Object}

This feature is only available with the `--experimental-network-inspection` flag enabled.

> Emits the `NodeNetwork.responseReceived` event. This event indicates that HTTP response is
> available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Broadcast the `NodeNetwork.responseReceived` event to connected frontends.
This event indicates that HTTP response is available.
```

### `inspector.NodeNetwork.loadingFinished([params])`

<!-- YAML
added:
 - REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `params` {Object}

This feature is only available with the `--experimental-network-inspection` flag enabled.

> Emits the `NodeNetwork.loadingFinished` event. This event indicates that HTTP request has
> finished loading.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Broadcast the `NodeNetwork.loadingFinished` event to connected frontends. This event indicates that
HTTP request has finished loading.
```
